.TH MP3CUT 1 "February 2005" "" "User Command"
.SH NAME
.B mp3cut 
\- cut and assemble MP3 files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mp3cut
.RB [
.I \-o outputfile
.RB ]
.RB [
.I \-T title
.RB ]
.RB [
.I \-A artist
.RB ]
.RB [
.I \-N album\-name
.RB ]
.RB [
.I -t [hh:]mm:ss[+ms]-[hh:]mm:ss[+ms]
.RB ]
.I mp3file
.RB [ [
.I -t ...
.RB ]
.I mp3file1
.RB ... ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B mp3cut
utility cuts and assembles MP3 files according to the time
specifications given on the command line. The mp3 output is written
to the outputfile. If no
.B outputfile
is given on the command\-line, the name for the outputfile is created 
from the name of the first mp3 file by adding 
.B output.mp3
at the end. The
.B \-t
flag specifies which part of the mp3 file following it will be
extracted.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-o outputfile"
Specify where the output is to be written.
.IP "-T title"
Specify the title ID3 tag for the output file.
.IP "-A artist"
Specify the artist ID3 tag for the output file.
.IP "-N album\-name"
Specify the album name ID3 tag for the output file.
.IP "-t [hh:]mm:ss[+ms]-[hh:]mm:ss[+ms]"
Specify which part of the following mp3file will be included in the
output file.

      hh  = hours
      mm  = minutes
      ss  = seconds
      ms  = milliseconds

If the starting time is omitted,
.B 00:00:00+00
is used as starting time. If the ending time is omitted, the end of
the MP3 file is used as ending time.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "mp3cut -o output.mp3 -t 23:42+500-01:23:42+750 input.mp3"
Cut the segment from 23 minutes, 42 seconds and 500
milliseconds to 1 hour, 23 minutes, 42 seconds and 750 milliseconds
from input.mp3 and write the output to output.mp3.

.IP "mp3cut -t 00:01-00:02 input1.mp3 -t -15:23 input2.mp3 -t 9:87+500- input3.mp3"
Append the segments from input1.mp3, input2.mpt and input3.mp3 and
write the output to input1.output.mp3.

.SH AUTHORS
Manuel Odendahl <manuel@bl0rg.net>, Florian Wesch <dividuum@bl0rg.net>

