.TH POC\-FEC 1 "February 2005" "" "User Command"
.SH NAME
.B poc\-fec
\- send FEC MP3 streams 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B poc\-fec
.RB [
.I \-s address
.RB ]
.RB [
.I \-p port
.RB ]
.RB [
.I \-t ttl
.RB ]
.RB [
.I \-q
.RB ]
.RB [
.I \-k fec_k
.RB ]
.RB [
.I \-n fec_n
.RB ]
.I files...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B poc\-fec
is a streaming server sending mp3 data using a custom FEC
protocol. The streamed MP3 frames are first decomposed in autonomous
data units (ADUs). These ADUs are grouped into ADU groups, which are
encoded redundantly using a FEC method by Luigi Rizzo. A group of k
ADUs is encoded as n data packets. Any k of these n data packets is
sufficient to recover the original k ADUs. It sends the
.I files
in the order given on the command-line. Use the filename 
.I \-
to stream from standard input. Normally, the FEC protocol is used to
stream to multicast groups.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-s address"
Specify the address to send to (default 224.0.1.23). 
.IP "-p port"
Specify the port to send to.
.IP "-t ttl"
Specify the TTL parameter to be set on outgoing parameters (default 1).
.IP "-q"
Don't output any information on standard error.
.IP "-k fec_k"
Specify the number of ADUs that will be encoded as an ADU group (default 20).
.IP "-n fec_n"
Specify the number of packets that the ADU groups will be encoded to
(default 25). This number must be greater than the fec_k parameter.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "poc-fec -s 224.0.1.24 -p 8989 -t 2 -k 16 -n 32 bla.mp3"
Send the file 
.I bla.mp3
using the RTP RFC fec protocol to the address 224.0.1.24 on port 8989,
and set the TTL to 2. MP3 frames of bla.mp3 are converted to ADUs and
grouped in ADU groups of 16 ADUs. These 16 ADUs are encoded into 32
packets and streamed. A client will have to receive at least 16
packets to recover the original ADUs.
.SH AUTHORS
Manuel Odendahl <manuel@bl0rg.net>, Florian Wesch <dividuum@bl0rg.net>



